at camp someone's helping himself to a
midnight snack and he's keeping subber
and Frank awake
one o'clock in the morning and she's
been hearing me do all the scene bots
off the roof
I'm literally right underneath us Jim
the camp's acacia trees are covered in
nutritious seed pods which elephants
love you think he's you think he's gone
because you can't hear anything in Sun
there's a big crack from the outside of
the house he's moved all the way around
they're tearing a tree apart shaking it
next morning the noisy neighbors show no
sign of moving on calling everybody on
the phone and just trying to keep them
out of the way every other night there's
been a bull elephant eating outside and
all around my den coming and scraping on
the pots off the roof and partying and
mumbling just being an elephant this big
bull is called sir ara
he's a camp regular but today he's got
out the wrong side of bed you know I
used to walk around very close to him
but now I see it's coming to be not now
getting up close and personal is what
elephant watch camp is all about I mean
I'm not concerned at all that they will
come in here these guys look after us
they know exactly what - you know when
it's dangerous and when it's not
dangerous I think it's lovely being
being so close to them I mean it's such
an honor that they feel safe enough to
come into our camp in the middle of the
day and in the middle of the night and
know that they're completely safe here
behind all of this beauty and this
incredible life that we have out here
one elephant is being killed in Africa
every 15 minutes and that's the ivory
poaching